attention the following tutorial is for
buildcraft three point 0 for newer
versions it might not work please keep
that in mind thank you howdy gassing out
simple productions walk on to my little
tutorial on how to install buildcraft
3.0 for Minecraft 1.0 so first of all
what you want to do is get minecraft
picture the newest version i don't know
if it's still 2.22 but that worked for
me just fine and of course all the motts
you want to install all the mods not
just a few all the months that is very
very important ok next up I just saw
that i have to i forgot the my
BuildCraft client a core it's so
somewhere in my download folder but i'm
not going to show that that is just for
show off ok next up you want to start
minecraft patcher and you will get this
window right here minecraft fetcher of
course being the the more responsible
for getting a HD textures and HD fonts
which is of course yeah if you want HD
fonts then you should use that MC
patcher from preferably of course if you
don't want them just click them away
there we go disabled and it won't bother
you other than that if you want to
install the regular BuildCraft you can
just install without any other mod
without really any other mods without HD
pictures add textures you can just drag
and drop the files from minecraft forge
into your into your jar file from
minecraft up jar and everything will
work fine and of course you have to get
modloader as well and model or EMP so
you can do that but there is another way
and i found this very very interesting
to install HD fonts and every other mod
in one go and in one sitting without
having to bother about it you can just
go to this little plus sign right here
if you are in MC patcher i'm just going
to be disabled that for now I just go to
that plus sign and it asks you what mod
do you want to add and of course i'm
currently in this folder right here so i
want to install audio mod for example
and step there we go now it asks me to
at one of these folders which is inside
of audio mod to add to the minecraft.jar
since I want to have everything into
minecraft.jar since I know I just have
to drag and drop that I can just select
the main folder which is the top one and
there we go it just tells you here we go
naming out what classes are going to be
added and stuff so we're just click OK
and all you want would be added next up
we want to get some other mod that might
be a little bit more complicated for
example the century mod this or nay on
the teleporter mod teleporter mod there
we go now we have two different or it
had two different main folders to choose
from once is called into minecraft.jar
the other one into resources we want to
select the top most which is into
minecraft charm select it and you see
there's a lot of classes to be edit and
there we go click ok so you're going to
do that as well for minecraft forge just
click it and yes we want to have the
whole folder in our minecraft.jar just
click it again and here all the classes
that are going to be added ok so once
you're done with that and I'm not going
to show you that I mean I'm pretty
certain you can install all the mods you
want so i'm not going to show you how i
install all my mods pretty much the same
prettier procedure you can click attach
and that would be pretty much it it will
patch the game for you it will patch the
minecraft.jar it will make a backup copy
for you in case it doesn't work you can
just click unpatch and once you patched
you can click test minecraft and see if
it works if it doesn't then you might
have done something wrong and yeah so it
should work like that it worked for me
very very good a few times already and I
hope you enjoyed the video and have a
great night of a goodbye